

TODOs (I forget..)


1. Normalized orbital shape commands should number 4, not 3. 3 was OK
   on first orbit (all starting points in circular orbit equivalent).

2. Each trial should complete immediately (or shortly) after the last
   shape maneuver.

3. Discovery phase should run at low time resolution; once a promising
   maneuver is found, then rerun simulation over that stretch of time
   at high resolution.

DONE.

..sort of. Experimenting with time resolution showed something's really
amiss. I had assumed a time resolution of say 10 microseconds would be
plenty accurate. When I notch up the resolution for the same maneuver
up to 1 microsecond per step, the end state is quite different. So
something must be broken. (It works perfectly fine, by the way, for
untethered objects in orbit.)

But I've been developing some ideas about how to better structure
simulations, generally. And since I prefer to write new code than debug
code I wish to ditch, and since this is for fun, anyway, I'm gonna give
my new approach a shot. I wont be ditching everything: I like some of
this code.

  --Feb 9, 2017



I intend to give the simple 2 bob setup a closer look. Perhaps I was
obtuse to consider proper navigation without a volume spanning structure
impossible. I still favor the tetrahedron to the 2 bob sling, but think
I was jumping the gun from an exploratory standpoint.

I'm cleaning up code as I think I better understand the problem space.

One problem I had encountered was this notion of epicycles in the
simulation. These typically involve checking values every so often
(we're simulating an adaptive system). As these epicycles piled up, it
was becoming difficult to efficiently structure these checks so that
they wouldn't eat up computing time. Also, again because we're modeling
an adaptive system, order matters (in the sense of determinism and
repeatability), and this was tightened up.

More refactorings/clean up underway.

  -- Feb 21, 2018
  
So, there are 2 general ideas I'm looking at with the sling.

1. Uneven mass distribution
2. Spinning the sling on an axis not necessarily tangent to the
   normal of the orbital plane. (The PoC 2D simulation didn't allow
   for this. Moved that stuff under the .poc package, btw.)
   
   -- March 1, 2018



